Running 17 checks on your project...
13/17 checks passed. 4 checks failed. Possible issues detected:
Use the --verbose flag to see more details about passed checks.

Γ£û Check that required peer dependencies are installed
Missing peer dependency: react-native-svg
Required by: react-native-progress
Advice:
Install missing required peer dependency with "npx expo install react-native-svg"
Your app may crash outside of Expo Go without this dependency. Native module peer dependencies must be installed directly.

Γ£û Check for app config fields that may not be synced in a non-CNG project
This project contains native project folders but also has native configuration properties in app.json, indicating it is configured to use Prebuild. When the android/ios folders are present, EAS Build will not sync the following properties: orientation, icon, userInterfaceStyle, splash, notification, ios, android, plugins. 


Γ£û Validate packages against React Native Directory package metadata
The following issues were found when validating your dependencies against React Native Directory:
  Untested on New Architecture: react-native-rate, react-native-responsive-screen, react-native-version-check
  Unmaintained: react-native-progress, react-native-rate, react-native-responsive-screen, react-native-size-matters
  No metadata available: moment-hijri, react-native-android-location-services-dialog-box, react-native-async-storage, react-native-vector-icons
Advice:
Use libraries that are actively maintained and support the New Architecture. Find alternative libraries with https://reactnative.directory.
Add packages to expo.doctor.reactNativeDirectoryCheck.exclude in package.json to selectively skip validations, if the warning is not relevant.
Update React Native Directory to include metadata for unknown packages. Alternatively, set expo.doctor.reactNativeDirectoryCheck.listUnknownPackages in package.json to false to skip warnings about packages with no metadata, if the warning is not relevant.

Γ£û Check that packages match versions required by installed Expo SDK
The following packages should be updated for best compatibility with the installed expo version:
  expo@52.0.47 - expected version: ~52.0.49
Your project may not work correctly until you install the expected versions of the packages.
Found outdated dependencies
Advice:
Use 'npx expo install --check' to review and upgrade your dependencies.
To ignore specific packages, add them to "expo.install.exclude" in package.json. Learn more: https://expo.fyi/dependency-validation

